Databricks function adx (#115)
Azure-Samples/streaming-at-scale: databricks-functions-dataexplorer/README.md

---
topic: sample
languages:
  - azurecli
  - json
  - python
products:
  - azure
  - azure key-vault

>   - azure log analytics

Reviewer: add dashes in these 2 lines?

  - azure-data-lake-storage
  - azure-event-grid
  - azure-functions
  - azure-databricks
  - azure-data-explorer
statusNotificationTargets:
  - chingch@microsoft.com
---

# Data lake storage, Event Grid, Databricks, Functions, and Data Explorer Solution

> This folder contains an end-to-end streaming solution sample from data landing into DataLake storage, Databricks autoloader to partition the content and then azure function to ingest data into data explorer. Following you can find the instruction to collaborate by creating this end-to-end samples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains an end-to-end streaming solution sample from data landing into DataLake storage, Databricks autoloader to partition the content and then azure function to ingest data into data explorer. Following you can find the instruction to deploy this end-to-end sample.
```

> ![architecture](image/databricks-functions-dataexplorer.png)

Reviewer: could you commit the source for this image, so we can update it in the future?

   - Location(ex:southeastasia): resource location 
      please use the command below to query all azure locations "Name"

        az account list-locations -o table
## Running the Scripts
Please note that the scripts have been tested on [Ubuntu 18 LTS](http://releases.ubuntu.com/18.04/), so make sure to use that environment to run the scripts. You can run it using Docker, WSL or a VM:

- [Ubuntu Docker Image](https://hub.docker.com/_/ubuntu/)
- [WSL Ubuntu 18.04 LTS](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/ubuntu-1804-lts/9n9tngvndl3q?activetab=pivot:overviewtab)
- [Ubuntu 18.04 LTS Azure VM](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/en-us/marketplace/apps/Canonical.UbuntuServer1804LTS)

The following tools are also needed:

- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli-apt?view=azure-cli-latest)
  - Install: `sudo apt install azure-cli`
- [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/download/)
  - Install: `sudo apt install jq`
- python(3.7 or 3.8)
  - Install: `sudo apt install python3.8`
- [databricks-cli](https://github.com/databricks/databricks-cli)
  - Install: `pip install --upgrade databricks-cli`

> - [Azure Function Core Tool](https://github.com/Azure/azure-functions-core-tools)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Azure Function Core Tools](https://github.com/Azure/azure-functions-core-tools)
```

  - Install: `sudo apt-get install azure-functions-core-tools-3`
  
## Setup Solution

Make sure you are logged into your Azure account:

    az login

and also make sure you have the subscription you want to use selected

    az account list

if you want to select a specific subscription use the following command

    az account set --subscription <subscription_name>

once you have selected the subscription you want to use, and also
**confiure the [config](infra/script/config/provision-config.json)**, just execute the following command

>     ./create-solution.sh 

Reviewer: create-solution.sh is missing the executable flag (run `chmod +x` and commit)
